What is Responsive Web Design?
Responsive web design makes your web page look good on all devices.
Responsive web design uses only HTML and CSS.
Responsive web design is not a program or a JavaScript.

Designing For The Best Experience For All Users:
Web pages can be viewed using many different devices: desktops, tablets, and phones.
Your web page should look good, and be easy to use, regardless of the device.
Web pages should not leave out information to fit smaller devices, but rather adapt its content to fit any device:
It is called responsive web design when you use CSS and HTML to resize, 
shrink, enlarge, or move the content to make it look good on any screen.


Responsive Web Design - The Viewport
What is The Viewport?
The viewport is the user's visible area of a web page.
The viewport varies with the device, and will be smaller on a mobile phone than on a computer screen.
Before tablets and mobile phones, web pages were designed only for computer screens,
and it was common for web pages to have a static design and a fixed size.
Then, when we started surfing the internet using tablets and mobile phones, 
ixed size web pages were too large to fit the viewport. 
To fix this, browsers on those devices scaled down the entire web page to fit the screen.
This was not perfect!! But a quick fix.


Setting The Viewport:
HTML5 introduced a method to let web designers take control over the viewport, through the <meta> tag.
You should include the following <meta> viewport element in all your web pages:
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Responsive Web Design - Grid-View
What is a Grid-View?
Many web pages are based on a grid-view, which means that the page is divided into columns.
Using a grid-view is very helpful when designing web pages.
It makes it easier to place elements on the page.

A responsive grid-view often has 12 columns, and has a total width of 100%,
and will shrink and expand as you resize the browser window.

Building a Responsive Grid-View:
Lets start building a responsive grid-view.
First ensure that all HTML elements have the box-sizing property set to border-box.
This makes sure that the padding and border are included in the total width and height of the elements.

Add the following code in your CSS:
* {
  box-sizing: border-box;
}































